EDU-14880 - Delivery Promise (#1983)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/localization/delivery-promise.mdx

---

>ℹ This feature is in closed beta, available only for selected customers.

In this guide, you’ll learn how to set Delivery Promise in your FastStore project.

**Delivery Promise** is a feature that provides accurate and reliable delivery estimations for available products based on the shopper's specific location. It ensures that customers only see products that are in stock and can be delivered to their address or picked up at nearby locations.
This solution continuously updates product availability throughout the purchase journey by responding to changes in catalog, pricing, inventory, or shipping settings. These updates are then sent to [Checkout](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/checkout-overview) and [Intelligent Search](https://help.vtex.com/tracks/vtex-intelligent-search), ensuring customers see up-to-date options according to their region.

## Default settings

This feature is defined in the `deliveryPromise` section of the [`discovery.config.js`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/project-structure-config-options) file.

See below the default settings for FastStore projects created after the release of the Delivery Promise feature:

> ```js discovery.config.js

Author: Aqui pra mim estão aparecendo certinho. Aconteceu pra você com todos os snippets?

deliveryPromise: {
    enabled: true,
    mandatory: false
  },
```

- `enabled`: When set to **true**, Delivery Promise activates, allowing the store to provide delivery estimates based on the customer’s location.

> - `mandatory`: When set to **false**, providing a postal code is optional for the user. Customers can browse and purchase items without submitting their zip code, though the accuracy of delivery information may be limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mandatory`: When set to **false**, providing a postal code is optional for the user. Customers can browse and add items to cart without submitting their zip code, though the accuracy of delivery information may be limited.
```

- **Region Bar section:** Go to *Storefronts > Headless CMS > Global Sections > Region Bar*.

- **Region Modal section:** Go to *Storefronts > Headless CMS > Global Sections > Region Modal*.

You only need to [add one new section](#step-3-adding-region-popover-section), the `Region Popover`.

### Step 3 - Adding `Region Popover` section

`Region Popover` is a section to manage user location inputs.

1. Access your VTEX Admin and go to **Storefront > Headless CMS > Global Sections**
2. In the Sections tab, click `+` to open a modal with a list of section options.
3. Search for the **Region Popover** section and click on it to add.
4. Set the `Title` and `Close popover aria-label` fields according to your scenario.
5. Click `Save` to save your changes.
6. Click `Publish` to open a dropdown list with the options `Add to Release`, to schedule the update, and `Publish now`, to publish immediately.

Learn more in [Adding Sections to the Headless CMS](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-3-adding-content-types-and-sections#step-3-adding-sections-to-the-headless-cms)

### [Optional] Step 4 - Defining default zip code

> To set a default zip code for your store, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: sugestão: o que achas de adicionar uma explicaçãozinha sobre o que seria o postal code default?

 ```js discovery.config.js mark=13

  session: {
    currency: {
      code: "USD",
      symbol: "$",
    },
    locale: "en-US",
    channel: '{"salesChannel":"1","regionId":""}',
    country: "USA",
    deliveryMode: null,
    addressType: null,
    city: null,
    postalCode: 10021,
    geoCoordinates: null,
    person: null,
  },
  ```

## Understanding location priority

To provide accurate Delivery Promise estimates, FastStore projects determine user location based on the following priority:

1. **User-provided location:** If the user provided their location, such as postal code, this information is used. No further action is needed to use Delivery Promise; just ensure that the [instructions](#instructions) provided above are completed.
2. **Logged-in user’s address:** If the user hasn’t provided a postal code, we attempt to identify the location using the logged-in user's address. No further action is needed to use Delivery Promise; just ensure that the [instructions](#instructions) provided above are completed.

> 3. **Default postal code:** If the user isn’t logged in or has no address, we check if the merchant has configured a default postal code for all buyers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Default postal code:** If the user hasn't provided a location, isn’t logged in or has no saved address, we check if the merchant has configured a default postal code for all buyers.
```

>   Learn to do so in [Defining a default postal code](#optional-step-4-defining-a-default-postal-code).

Reviewer: Esse link não ta funcionando no preview

> 4. **No postal code (not mandatory):** If no postal code is provided, and it’s not mandatory, products are displayed without using Delivery Promise.

Reviewer: sugestão/ideia: em alguns lugares da doc se fala "zip code" e em outros "postal code", no código estamos usando só "postal code", então se quiser padronizar aqui pode colocar td postal code
